Add repository archived note (#799)
matrix-org/matrix-appservice-slack: README.md

# matrix-appservice-slack

## This repository is archived

The public Matrix.org Slack bridge has been decommissioned on January 14th, 2026. Please see the following
[blog post](https://matrix.org/blog/2025/11/removing-slack-bridge/) for details.

Due to this, there will be no more development effort going into maintaining this bridge.

## Description

A bridge that connects [Matrix](https://matrix.org) and [Slack](https://slack.com). 

> The bridge is considered **stable** and mature for use in production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bridge was considered **stable** and mature for use in production, but has been discontinued.
```

Author: Good catch
